welcome back to movie reviews today i
will show you a horror film from 2019
titled scary stories to tell in the dark
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
set in 1968 it is halloween in the town
of mill valley
a young man named ramon drives into town
nearby horror fan stella nichols is
called by her friends chuck steinberg
and augie helderburn to play a prank on
school bully tommy milner the jock and
his buddies are throwing beer bottles at
a neighborhood scarecrow herald
tommy also takes a swing at harold with
his bat chuck fishes poop out of the
toilet and meets with his friends to
throw it plus eggs and toilet paper at
tommy's car while he is out with chuck's
sister ruthie and his buddies tommy ends
up driving his car back into a fence he
and his friends chase after the kids who
run to a drive-in theater and hide in
ramone's car the bullies find them and
threaten them into getting out including
ramon
however they are driven out of there by
security
after the jerks leave stella takes a
breath outside before inviting ramon to
join her and the guys into checking out
a haunted house
the four go to the home of cerebellos a
figure in an old legend about a
disturbed woman who allegedly poisoned
numerous children in the neighborhood
the kids enter after ramon picks the
locks on the door
auggie and chuck mess around to scare
each other but chuck ends up hiding in a
closet where he sees the old room turn
refurbished and what appears to be an
old woman with a dog sitting by the bed
auggie opens the door to scare chuck and
everything looks old again meanwhile
stella and ramon find sarah's old book
of scary stories they are then trapped
down there by tommy and his goons
ruth tells tommy to let them out but he
locks her in there too
after trying to break out an unseen
force lets them free
they go outside to find that ramon's car
was vandalized by tommy with [ __ ]
written on it ramon must take it to the
shop and since he was living in his car
he has nowhere to go
stella invites him to come over and stay
in the basement
tommy drives home drunk and is ordered
by his mother to deliver eggs to the
neighbors on his way he comes across
harold and taunts him again
at the same time stella reads from
sarah's book and sees the story herald
appearing
as she reads it she notices that it
mentions tommy he ends up walking in a
circle and sees that harold is no longer
on his pike tommy soon realizes he is
being followed by harold he trips across
a rake and uses it to try and stop
harold but the scarecrow takes it from
him and impales tommy with it as tommy
tries running away his body starts to
fill up with straw
in the morning ramon brings his car to
the shop but he is pressed by chief
turner over his appearance in town
when he sees what tommy wrote turner
questions him over the supposed fight he
got into with him ramon mentions his
last name being rodriguez and turner
implies he will investigate him
meanwhile stella goes to investigate
with ramon and they find what appears to
be harold wearing tommy's clothes stella
figures that this is tommy and that the
story she read came to life
she decides to take the book back to the
bella's house to prevent it from
continuing
when stella returns home with ramon he
finds sarah's book back on stella's
bookshelf
a new story then begins to appear the
big toe this one features augie's name
and it involves him eating a stew
containing an appendage and a
disembodied voice calling out who took
my toe
stella calls auggie to warn him but he
ends up eating the stew and the big toe
woman starts stalking him auggie runs to
hide in his room under his bed but as he
thinks he is safe a zombie pulls him
under the bed and reveals her hideous
face before making him disappear
stella and ramon show up too late and
see the claw marks under auggie's bed to
have their fears confirmed
stella tells chuck and ruth that augie
is gone and that it's because of the
book chuck suggests they take it to the
police but ramon doesn't want to get
involved with them the trio try to burn
the book but it doesn't work
the friends go to the mill valley
gazette to dig up any old information on
sarah they find articles about a woman
named lulu baptiste who worked for the
bellows family but was fired after sarah
hung herself and it was believed that
lulu was teaching sarah black magic
the book then starts to write another
story the red spot this one is about
ruthie who got bitten by a spider while
trapped in the bellows house
she is set to go on stage for a
performance of bye bye birdie but the
spider bite on her cheek starts to get
worse
she goes to the bathroom to check on it
and hears a voice calling her name
a spider leg then pokes out of ruth's
cheek before a whole swarm of spiders
start crawling out inviting her
stella chuck and ramon run to the school
in time to catch ruth and throw water on
her to repel the spiders
she is covered in bites and crying to
get the spiders off she is later taken
to the hospital
the friends tracked down the now elderly
and blind lulu to ask what happened with
her and sarah hoping to find a way to
undo what has been going on
she says there was no magic involved but
the presence of the book overwhelms lulu
the trio then heads to a hospital that
they think has records of the bellows
family the kids sneak in and had to find
whatever documents they can
stella and ramon come across a room with
old recordings from sarah as she
received electroshock treatment from her
brother ephraim they hear the voice of
sarah kathleen pollard who as it turns
out was innocent and never poisoned the
children but it was her family's fault
for tainting the water supply and they
tortured her and framed her to cover up
their secrets she then appears to be
reciting the new story being written the
dream
orderlies find chuck as he snuck in and
the alarm goes off making everything go
red he then sees the pale lady who
appears grotesquely overweight and has a
horrifying grin etched on her face
no matter where chuck runs the pale lady
keeps coming closer and closer until he
cannot escape and she absorbs chuck
stella and ramon find out too late that
he is gone and they are kicked out of
the hospital
stella calls her father from the
precinct she fears that she is going to
die because of the book and she tells
him not to think that she is running
away
roy tells her to not think that it was
ever her fault that her mother left
turner then interrogates stella and
ramon about the disappearances of their
friends
they try to explain that it's because of
the book but it is too far-fetched for
turner to believe
he also brings up that ramone's real
last name is morales and that he dodged
the draft
the two are placed in adjacent cells and
ramon explains that his brother was
drafted to vietnam and was killed out
there so he got away after learning he
was to be drafted
soon the next story is being written and
a monster called the jangly man emerges
he breaks turner's neck and tosses his
body towards stella's cell
she gets the keys but the jangly man
attempts to get ramone since his name
was in the book and he knows of the
jangly man from an old story his father
told him stella frees them both from the
cell and they realize they must run to
the bellows house to put an end to this
jangly man chases after them as they
take turner's car but ramon manages to
lose him by crashing the car and pinning
jangly man to a train
stella and ramon run to the bellows
house stella is pulled into another room
by the ghosts of the bellas family she
comes face to face with sarah's ghost
who is getting ready to trap stella in
her own story
however stella hears ramon's voice
telling her to tell sarah the truth
stella stands up to the ghost and says
that she knows that her family killed
the children and framed her but she is
becoming as big of a monster as they
were by haunting and taking her friends
stella promises sarah that she will tell
the truth about her
sarah gives stella a quill and tells her
to write sarah's story in her own blood
stella writes the truth and sarah's
ghost whales before crossing over the
jangly man goes down as the terror
appears to stop
stella and ramon run to embrace each
stella writes a story in the school
paper about the truth over the bella's
family history
while not many people are listening she
is determined to let the real story be
known
later on ramon willingly goes to be
drafted in vietnam
he says farewell to stella who gives him
a letter and promises to write to him
he reads it on the bus and it's a letter
from her asking him to come home soon
she then goes with roy and the recovered
ruth as they plan to use sarah's book to
find a way to bring back augie and chuck
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching